Update MD files with architecture and ingress updates (#54)
Azure/aks-baseline-windows: Scenarios/AKS-Secure-Baseline-PrivateCluster/Terraform/README.md

7. [Creation of AKS & enabling Addons](./07-aks-cluster.md)

8. [Deploy a Basic Workload](./08-workload.md)

> 9. [Creation of Ingress](./09-ingress-config.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
9. [Create the ingress configuration for GMSA](./09-ingress-config.md)
```
